# filterDarcodingData
The script is used to filter DAN Barcoding data which depends on sqlite3 database already constructed by phlawd db maker develped by Stephen lab.

Germplasm Bank of Wild Species in Southwest China has produced 24,547 rbcL sequences from 8677 species including 20,619 sequences from 7152 angiosperm species, and 21,888 matK sequences from 8057 species including 18,921 sequences from 6728 angiosperm species. This script explored the methods of reconstruction of tree based on barcording sequences of rbcL and matK. More than 50% species have at least two sequences for each marker. Some these barcoding sequences are wrong due to identification error or experiment error, wrong tree will be obtained when the longest sequence in each species are directly included in phylogenetic reconstruction. This study explored the methods of excluding wrong sequences from the reconstruction of super tree. Over 50% families were nonmonophyletic when the longest sequence of rbcL and matK in each species was selected. 

This script developed new programs to treat species with one and more than one sequences. When one species have more than one sequence, these sequences will be BLASTed with the newly constructed local database. Sequence differing from other sequences in 
the same family will be identified and excluded in the following analyses. The number of the monophyletic family was significantly increased, which suggested the efficiency of this program. However, there were still a lot of families being not monophyletic which should be caused by wrong sequences in data set. So I developed another program to treat species with one sequence, the ancestral node of each family has been identified based on the reconstructed maximum likelihood tree, sequences do not cluster with other species of same family will be identified. The number of monophyletic family greatly increased following the exlusion of wrong sequences, which suggested the good performance of the script. Programs developed in this study greatly improve the efficiency of reconstructing super tree using DNA barding sequences and sequences from GenBank. 
